new 'people' layout (#10)
pybcn/pybcn-site: README.md

About the creation of new sponsors, the `themes/pybcn_theme/archetypes/sponsors.md` file contains the template Hugo will use when the editor runs the command `hugo new sponsors/my-new-sponsor.md`.

### People pages implementation details: organizers, speakers...

There are three pages displaying people: PyBCN Organizers, PyLadiesBCN Organizers and PyLadiesBCN speakers.

All pages rely on the same template: `themes/pybcn_theme/layouts/_default/people.html`. The individual person summary is defined in a separate partial template: `themes/pybcn_theme/layouts/partials/people_summary.html`, and the style are defined in `themes/pybcn_theme/assets/scss/people.scss`.

The template iterates over the defined levels, and for each level:
- displays the level name, if 'name' is provided
- displays a summary of all the people listed, limiting the number of people per line to the provided number 'people_per_line' (which must be in [12, 6, 4, 3, 4, 1])  

> To add new people to the site, there is a Hugo template in `themes/pybcn_theme/archetypes/people.md` that can be used by running the command: `hugo new people/my-new-person.md`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add new people to the site, there is a Hugo archetype defined in `themes/pybcn_theme/archetypes/people.md` that can be used by running the command: `hugo new people/my-new-person.md`.
```

Reviewer: Using template can drive to confusion. An alternative to `archetype` could be `type`.
